everyone be made 150 she went on to moon
valley and so I'm just looking my
fingers and doing stuff and so it looks
like we have this guy to face with so
that will be our mini boss for this
round we need on the chip we don't know
why probably for that thing we wanted
you always wanted no you are taking a
gayer bitch I would interesting have
more enemies like that oh god I I kind
of don't like this love just because the
wolf's ear he sounds so sad when he
killed it it's like ah that's sad we
aren't getting me guy don't follow me
minion with just guys had it keep things
like no I don't want that bro shuttle
one she said was so sad oh yeah can't go
there
actually be a bear idea if we start over
here oh hello
I when they put a box here on what why
is there a steel box the viking era I
remember steel boxes whatever just gonna
box right
check piece and it creaks and I hear the
boss music for the Viking era them
somehow yeah first I music that you may
have heard is like the boss music well
maybe not the boss music but boss lovely
music it's that yeah
yeah because you can't we can see it's a
lot no that wasn't to say I thought it
was safe I'm actually a good idea to get
that well let's try it a little bit
closer as close as you can get because
we were very close
huzzah
yeah Carl cuz even get stranded over
there you're fucked you'll have to kill
yourself yeah just one of those things
like shit I killed myself and a little
stupid-ass trash man damn that was
stupid to me it's all that bugs do the
jump up there cuz he's good at stuff
like that maybe not try that again good
help the bosses begin again there we go
Miley 20 days
Electrical yeah
Mayor Bill so then let's go back to
where we were does anything that's
actually a faster way maybe doing it how
i did this time most time I don't do it
this way no wolf do not go after me cuz
I want to kill wolves and games red dead
redemption this he sounds so sad like
damn why do I need kill wolves they're
fucking son of bitches types I want that
thank you
well I could I could have made it and we
see mr. wolf got here come and get me
miss me and he doesn't answer me Oh what
every guy I'll put bugs over there just
in case you'll see the why and for the
just case thing that's actually very
take that there doesn't do anything I'm
well somebody jump at okay where I'm
fine with it I'm talking to fit
here I've I know well good thing I got
bugs up there huh that's good idea by me
to do that and we have 25 this is what
am I very quickly no no eating me man no
eating me you heat your fucking carrots
it's nutritious don't eat the fucking
rabbit now as I said again no fucking
eating the rat thank you finally
anomalous this one yet as I does not
need further let's check all around just
to see what's there what's not I know
there is another guy over here
yes to Arabia guys out there yes that's
where I would normally throw bro bugs
just a blind throw and most the time it
goes in right check him out wrong tab
bugs doesn't do his thing with melts and
now we go over here and let's spin it
see what we get
cuz all yeah yay for good